---
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "Privacy"
---

<h2>Privacy Policy</h2>

<h3>General Privacy Policy for Websites</h3>

<h3>Scope</h3>

This privacy policy applies to all individuals who visit the website www.upgrade-8.at and transmit personal data there.

<h3>Data Controller</h3>

Responsible for data processing on the website:

<b>UPGRADE – 8 e.U</b>, A-4713 Gallspach, Salzburger str 7-9.

<b>Email: info@upgrade-8.at</b>

<h3>Collection and Processing of Personal Data</h3>

Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal address, telephone number, IP address, and cookie data.
We collect and process personal data voluntarily provided by you, e.g., when registering on our website, ordering products or services, or contacting us.
We also collect and process personal data automatically when you visit our website, such as your IP address, browser version, and computer operating system.

<h3>Purposes of Data Processing</h3>

We process your personal data for the following purposes:
To provide our website and its features.
To fulfill contracts with you.
To respond to your inquiries.
To develop our products and services.
To analyze user behavior on our website.
To promote our products and services.

<h3>Legal Basis for Data Processing</h3>

The processing of your personal data is based on the following legal grounds:

- Article 6(1)(a) GDPR, provided you have consented to this
- Article 6(1)(b) GDPR, if the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you
- Article 6(1)(f) GDPR, provided that the processing is necessary for the protection of our legitimate interests, and your interests do not override ours

<h3>Storage Period</h3>

We only store your personal data for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
If there are statutory retention periods, we will delete your personal data after the expiry of these periods.

<h3>Your Rights</h3>

You have the right to obtain information about the personal data we store about you. You also have the right to correct, delete, and restrict the processing of your personal data. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data and to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
You can exercise these rights by email or postal mail.

<h3>Right to Appeal</h3>

You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the General Data Protection Regulation.

<h3>Data Security</h3>

We employ technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, destruction, manipulation, and unauthorized access.
Changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this privacy statement if required by new legal requirements or changes to our offerings.
