---
title: "Privacy policy"
description: "Privacy"
---

<h2>Privacy Policy for SmartStake AI</h2>

<b>Effective date: 02.04.2024</b>

This Privacy Policy describes how SmartStake AI (referred to as "we," "us," or "our") handles personal information in relation to our services. We are committed to protecting your privacy and managing your personal information transparently.

<h3>Information Collection and Use</h3>

We do not directly collect, store, or handle personal information about our customers. The processing and storage of customer information are managed by our selling partner. For details regarding the collection, use, and protection of your personal information, please refer to the privacy policy of our selling partner.

<h3>Telegram Bot Interaction</h3>

After subscribing to one of our services, customers are required to enter their voucher code in a chat with our Telegram Bot. Please note the following:

- Telegram ID: The only piece of information we collect through our Telegram Bot is the Telegram ID associated with your device. The Telegram ID is necessary for the operation of our services, allowing us to verify subscriptions and communicate with you.

- No Sensitive Information: Our Telegram Bot does not collect or store any sensitive personal information, such as phone numbers, email addresses, or payment information.

- Data Use: The Telegram ID collected is solely used for the purpose of providing our betting signals service and verifying subscription status. It is not used for any other purpose nor shared with third parties, except as required by law.
  Data Protection
  We take reasonable steps to ensure the security of the data we collect and to protect it against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction. However, given the limited nature of the data we collect, our primary data protection measures are focused on ensuring secure communication and access controls.
  Changes to This Privacy Policy
  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
  Contact Us
  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at office@smartstake.ai.
